the second book of Kings Moab rebelled
the second book of Kings Moab rebelled against Israel after the death of Ahab
against Israel after the death of Ahab
against Israel after the death of Ahab now a his ire fell through the lattice
now a his ire fell through the lattice
now a his ire fell through the lattice of his upper room in Samaria and was
of his upper room in Samaria and was
of his upper room in Samaria and was injured so he sent messengers and said
injured so he sent messengers and said
injured so he sent messengers and said to them go inquire vel ziba the God of
to them go inquire vel ziba the God of
to them go inquire vel ziba the God of Ekron whether I shall recover from this
Ekron whether I shall recover from this
Ekron whether I shall recover from this injury but the angel of the Lord said to
injury but the angel of the Lord said to
injury but the angel of the Lord said to Elijah the Tishbite arise go up to meet
Elijah the Tishbite arise go up to meet
Elijah the Tishbite arise go up to meet the messengers the king of Samaria say
the messengers the king of Samaria say
the messengers the king of Samaria say to them is it because there is no God in
to them is it because there is no God in
to them is it because there is no God in Israel that you are going to inquire
Israel that you are going to inquire
Israel that you are going to inquire Beelzebub the God of Ekron now therefore
Beelzebub the God of Ekron now therefore
Beelzebub the God of Ekron now therefore thus says the Lord you shall not come
thus says the Lord you shall not come
thus says the Lord you shall not come down from the bed to which you have gone
down from the bed to which you have gone
down from the bed to which you have gone up but you shall surely die so Elijah
up but you shall surely die so Elijah
up but you shall surely die so Elijah departed and when the messengers
departed and when the messengers
departed and when the messengers returned to him he said to them why have
returned to him he said to them why have
returned to him he said to them why have you come back a man came up to meet us
you come back a man came up to meet us
you come back a man came up to meet us and said to us go return to the king who
and said to us go return to the king who
and said to us go return to the king who sent you and say to him thus says the
sent you and say to him thus says the
sent you and say to him thus says the Lord is it because there is no God in
Lord is it because there is no God in
Lord is it because there is no God in Israel that you are sending to inquire
Israel that you are sending to inquire
Israel that you are sending to inquire of baal-zebub
of baal-zebub
of baal-zebub the god of Ekron therefore you shall not
the god of Ekron therefore you shall not
the god of Ekron therefore you shall not come down from the bed to which you have
come down from the bed to which you have
come down from the bed to which you have gone up but you shall surely die what
gone up but you shall surely die what
gone up but you shall surely die what kind of man was it who came up to meet
kind of man was it who came up to meet
kind of man was it who came up to meet you and told you these words a hairy man
you and told you these words a hairy man
you and told you these words a hairy man wearing a leather belt around his waist
wearing a leather belt around his waist
wearing a leather belt around his waist it is Elijah the Tishbite then the king
it is Elijah the Tishbite then the king
it is Elijah the Tishbite then the king sent to him a captain of fifty with his
sent to him a captain of fifty with his
sent to him a captain of fifty with his fifty men so he went up to him and there
fifty men so he went up to him and there
fifty men so he went up to him and there he was sitting on the top of a hill and
he was sitting on the top of a hill and
he was sitting on the top of a hill and he spoke to him
he spoke to him
he spoke to him man of God the King has said come down
man of God the King has said come down
man of God the King has said come down so Elijah answered and said to the
so Elijah answered and said to the
so Elijah answered and said to the captain of 50 if I am a man of God then
captain of 50 if I am a man of God then
captain of 50 if I am a man of God then let fire come down from heaven and
let fire come down from heaven and
let fire come down from heaven and consume you and your fifty men fire came
consume you and your fifty men fire came
consume you and your fifty men fire came down from heaven and consumed him and
down from heaven and consumed him and
down from heaven and consumed him and his fifty and he sent to him another
his fifty and he sent to him another
his fifty and he sent to him another captain of fifty with his fifty men man
captain of fifty with his fifty men man
captain of fifty with his fifty men man of God thus says the King said come down
of God thus says the King said come down
of God thus says the King said come down quickly if I am a man of God let fire
quickly if I am a man of God let fire
quickly if I am a man of God let fire come down from heaven and consume you
come down from heaven and consume you
come down from heaven and consume you and your fifty men and the fire of God
and your fifty men and the fire of God
and your fifty men and the fire of God came down from heaven and consumed him
came down from heaven and consumed him
came down from heaven and consumed him and his fifty again he sent a third
and his fifty again he sent a third
and his fifty again he sent a third captain of fifty with his fifty men and
captain of fifty with his fifty men and
captain of fifty with his fifty men and the third captain of fifty went up and
the third captain of fifty went up and
the third captain of fifty went up and came and fell on his knees before Elijah
came and fell on his knees before Elijah
came and fell on his knees before Elijah and pleaded with him men of God please
and pleaded with him men of God please
and pleaded with him men of God please let my life and the life of these fifty
let my life and the life of these fifty
let my life and the life of these fifty servants of yours be precious in your
servants of yours be precious in your
servants of yours be precious in your sight
look fire has come down from heaven and
look fire has come down from heaven and burned up the first two captains of 50s
burned up the first two captains of 50s
burned up the first two captains of 50s with their fifties but let my life now
with their fifties but let my life now
with their fifties but let my life now be precious in your sight and the angel
be precious in your sight and the angel
be precious in your sight and the angel of the Lord said to Elisha go down with
of the Lord said to Elisha go down with
of the Lord said to Elisha go down with him do not be afraid of him
him do not be afraid of him
him do not be afraid of him so he arose and went down with him to
so he arose and went down with him to
so he arose and went down with him to the king then he said to him thus says
the king then he said to him thus says
the king then he said to him thus says the Lord because you have sent
the Lord because you have sent
the Lord because you have sent messengers to inquire of Beelzebub the
messengers to inquire of Beelzebub the
messengers to inquire of Beelzebub the God of Ekron is it because there is no
God of Ekron is it because there is no
God of Ekron is it because there is no God in Israel to inquire of his word
God in Israel to inquire of his word
God in Israel to inquire of his word therefore you shall not come down from
therefore you shall not come down from
therefore you shall not come down from the bed to what you have gone up but you
the bed to what you have gone up but you
the bed to what you have gone up but you shall surely die so a has I had died
shall surely die so a has I had died
shall surely die so a has I had died according to the word of the Lord which
according to the word of the Lord which
according to the word of the Lord which Elijah had spoken because he had no son
Elijah had spoken because he had no son
Elijah had spoken because he had no son Jehoram became king in his place in the
Jehoram became king in his place in the
Jehoram became king in his place in the second year of jihad on the son of
second year of jihad on the son of
second year of jihad on the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah now the rest
Jehoshaphat king of Judah now the rest
Jehoshaphat king of Judah now the rest of the acts of Ahaz i which he did are
of the acts of Ahaz i which he did are
of the acts of Ahaz i which he did are they not written in the book of the
they not written in the book of the
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel